README.md, before:

 # com.gmail.likemoneysecretly.PlaytimeFixer        
Download the PlaytimeFixer.jar file to run the plugin. This plugin fixes the playtime glitch in stats3 and now works with multiple worlds.            
                               
Commands:                            
  /UpdatePlaytime <player name if it's not yourself> : This command updates the specified players playtime if it can be updated.   
  
  /UpdateAllPlaytimes : This command updates all online players playtimes.            
                                   
Permissions:                                                                                
  PlaytimeFixer.* : Gives a player access to all playtime fixer permissions.                                                          
  PlaytimeFixer.UpdatePlaytime : Gives a player access to the /UpdatePlaytime command.                                                    
  PlaytimeFixer.UpdateAllPlaytimes : Gives a player access to the /UpdateALlPlaytimes commmand.

Commit message:

Updated readme.md to include the config file

README.md, after:


# com.gmail.likemoneysecretly.PlaytimeFixer        
Download the PlaytimeFixer.jar file to run the plugin. This plugin fixes the playtime glitch in stats3 and now works with multiple worlds.            
                               
Commands:                            
  /UpdatePlaytime <player name if it's not yourself> : This command updates the specified players playtime if it can be updated.   
  
  /UpdateAllPlaytimes : This command updates all online players playtimes.            
                                   
Permissions:                                                                                
  PlaytimeFixer.* : Gives a player access to all playtime fixer permissions.                                                          
  PlaytimeFixer.UpdatePlaytime : Gives a player access to the /UpdatePlaytime command.                                                    
  PlaytimeFixer.UpdateAllPlaytimes : Gives a player access to the /UpdateALlPlaytimes commmand.                                                           
Config file (Default settings):                        
 NameOfWorldFile: 'world'           Set the name of your world folder. THIS MUST BE EXACT                 
 NameOfPluginFolder: 'plugins'      Set the name of your plugin folder. THIS MUST BE EXACT                   
 ConsoleWarnings: true              Disable or enable console warnings               
 LogCreation: true                  Disable or enable log creation               
 PlayerNotification: true           Disable or enable player notification                      
 Auto-Update: false                 Disable or enable the plugin updating a players stats when they log in. Disabled by default.
